Release notes 20210712 (#219)
circonus/docs: content/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2021.md

`baseurl=http://updates.circonus.net/centos/7/release-20210712/x86_64/`

### ca

Version: 0.1.1612472455 (ff6ddf6)

* No changes since [2021-02-08](/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2021#2021-02-08)

### caql_broker

Version: 0.1.1625158873 (e02b97a)

* No user-facing changes.

### data_storage

Related roles: caql_broker, fault_detection, stratcon

Version: 0.1.1625779910 (0684edc)

**Function Removal Notice**

> Metric Search v2 and Metric Clusters have been deprecated for some time.  We
> plan to remove these deprecated functions soon for the SaaS site, and in the
> subsequent Inside release. This will affect CAQL checks as well as CAQL
> Datapoints on graphs. The UI will now show users a warning when one of the
> deprecated functions is used. Circonus offers a more powerful tag-search
> feature, exposed as `find()` in CAQL.

* Remove debug message that would spam the errorlog when running a
  reconstitute.
* During a rebalance, sending data for an NNTBS shard the destination node is
  not configured to handle no longer crashes the destination node.
* Remove `/hist_shard/reconstitute/surrogate` and
  `/hist_shard/reconstitute/metrics` endpoints.

> * Fix bug where extra bad data would be filled in when populating values for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix bug where extraneous data would be filled in when populating values for
```
